My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The river stole the gods.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
There's a message for you if you look up.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
This is a Japanese doll.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.